Update README.md to include installation of Erlang applications (#391)
elixir-nx/livebook: README.md

We provide several distinct methods of running Livebook,
pick the one that best fits your use case.

> You will need [Elixir v1.12](https://elixir-lang.org/install.html) or later as well as the following Erlang applications: `inets`, `os_mon`, `runtime-tools`, `ssl`
> 
> On Ubuntu, these Erlang applications can be installed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need [Elixir v1.12](https://elixir-lang.org/install.html) or later. It also
needs the following Erlang applications: `inets`, `os_mon`, `runtime_tools`,
and `ssl`. Those applications come with most Erlang distributions but
certain package manages may split them apart. For example, on Ubuntu,
these Erlang applications could be installed as follows:

```
